So you think you're all that? So what if you saved my bacon, solved my problem, and soothed my soul. Show off.
You're brilliant. Or maybe I'm brilliant because I know you?
You've put my life back on track to being the incredible journey it was meant to be; you're a little too awesome for your underwear.
Some people are just plain old everyday people, then there's you. This superhuman, crazy smart jerk who everybody loves cause you're always there for others!
Do you even know how to fail? Thank you for never learning that! Your help saved me again.
Did you go to college to learn how to buy the perfect gift? Man, you sure know how to pick 'em. Thanks for making my gift giving skills look really bad.
When God was handing out all the talent, he gave you a big chunk of it, didn't he? Cause once again, I'm sending you a damn thank you card for your awesomeness.
Of all the Charlie Brown's in the world, you're not the Charlie Browniest. Man, do you always have to be so helpful, so kind, so generous, so thoughtful... so perfect? Well, we're glad you are. Forget trying out for the next Peanuts Movie.
I've thanked you and thanked you and thanked you and thanked you over a hundred times, it seems—man, I'm sick of repeating myself.
Some people get to help others and some people are a hopeless case like me! Thanks again for being who you are.
In a world filled with sub-par people, you're an above-the-crowd type. Thanks for being annoyingly perfect.
You're like a diamond in the rough—wait, no, that's me—thank you for always helping to polish me up a little. I need it.
Since I'm always sending them to you, I finally got organized and bought a box of 500 thank you cards. Well, thanks for all you did for me, and thanks for the bit of money I saved buying your cards in bulk.
Are you prepared for the gushing thanks this card is going to be filled with? I'll give you a minute. *breathe in breathe out* *one and two* *here it comes* "Thank you for being the winner in my life!"
A card saying thank you just doesn't cut it. So can you please be my Valentine, too?
Did I ever thank you for all you did for me? Just in case I haven't I'm sending this card to stroke your ego some more.
In a world of bad guys, you're one of the good guys. Shocking, because most of the time you fit right in as a bad guy. Thanks.
Electric is who you are! Electric! You can do anything, fix anything and be anything. You're powerful. Thank you.
Enough is enough. All you ever do is help, help, and help—aren't you tired of being the goodie-two-shoes helper guy people can count on? I hope not, cause wow, you're handy to have around in a pinch. Thanks, dude.
Thank you doesn't cut it. But since you already have an inflated version of self-worth, let me add to the pile—'You're awesome, amazing, shockingly good looking, kind, thoughtful, always right, and most of all, just like me.'
So you did something wonderful, and now I'm forced to send you this card dripping with thanks, gheesh, does it always have to be about you!!
I don't want to puke thank you over and over because that's just not cool, so I'll only send you this one card with the words thank you in big print once. Now lets forget everything you've done! Not really. How could I, you're too awesome.
You're so annoying! All you do is help, help and help. Gheesh, aren't you tired of being dependable.